DIANE:
This is about a plane crash.
A Hammett GR—6 carrying
35 passengers and five crew.
All 40 dead.
Many of their widows
and widowers are here today.
And all want to know one thing.
Why did this plane just drop
from the slq?
Like Kyle Lidtke.
He lost his wife
and two daughters in this crash.
Now, the CEO
of Hammett Aerospace
would have him believe
it's the pilot's fault,
and not their plane.
But we ask you to reject
this cynical,
blame-the-victim defense,
because this is
a very Simple case of...
...a flawed airplane design.
My co-counsel, Ms. Lockhart,
represents the families
of the passengers.
I represent the families
of the crew.
But we decided
to combine our lawsuits
because we agree on one thing.
Hammett Aerospace
put a jet into service
that they knew was defective.
How do we know this?
How do we know that they knew
their jet was defective?
Because there is
a very brave whistleblower
from within Hammett
who's agreed to testify for us.
(gunshot)
Damn.
Not to sound too cynical,
but this could be a good thing.
Guilt-ridden
whistle-blower
testifying from
beyond the grave?
They didn't do a great job
cross-examining in the depo.
And it's_ hard
to cross-examine a corpse.
The problem was in the wings.
_ _DIA_NE: _
The de-Icmg In the wrngs?
Yes.
It was a system of tubes
that distributed fluid
to de-ice the wings
during flight.
Not bad.
We admit this
Into evrdence.
And avoid further
cross-examination.
Yup.
Falling forward.
Well, that's the problem.
She's a great tutor.
Grace's physics grades
are the best this year.
And where did you find her?
The tutor Eli suggested her.
And Grace is friends
with her now?
Who, Grace or the tutor?
The tutor.
Well, I can find some tutor
referrals around here.
No, that's okay.
Let me handle it with
a flyswatter, not a bazooka.
I didn't think I was handling it
with a bazooka.
(knocking)
Uh, okay, we'll talk.
I got to go.
Yes, sir.
David Lee's here.
We need more
conference room space.
I'm like an itinerant
farmer out here.
WILL:
So, Alicia,
David and I head up
the hiring committee,
and we've decided the firm needs
a new first-year assoaate.
So we want you
to interview and hire someone.
Really?
These are the new graduates
from U of C.
See who you like.
You want me _
to do the actual hIrIng?
In consultation
with the committee.
And you'll be mentoring him,
too, so choose well.
Or her.
Oh, Alicia, uh, I need
to talk to you a minute
about the Cole divorce, hmm?
Thank you for this.
No, not me. David.
I'm still supposed
to be tense with you, remember?
And by the way,
I know how Celeste works.
Don't worry about it.
No, she thrives on chaos.
She'll say a lot of things about
me just to see how you react.
Then I won't react.
DAVID:
So,
we can't use "Cole divorce"
as our cover word anymore
because I actually
have a Cole divorce.
Oh. Well, we don't need
a cover word.
I'm still undecided about it.
Ah, yes, the fiction
of separation.
You're putting your kids
in private school?
New item in your
financial journal.
I'm thinking of it, yes.
That's $35,000 to 50 a year.
I know.
My advice is, you don't.
Thank you, but I'm fine.
No, you don't
understand.
I'm not your
accountant.
You can overspend on
anything you like, but
you need to get your husband
to pay half.
I... Why?
To preserve
your dependency.
You pay that amount on your own,
you lose your best argument
against spousal maintenance.
Well, I'm not asking Peter
for spousal maintenance.
No, not you. Him.
(laughs)
Hey, don't blame me.
You guys wanted equal treatment.
Thank Gloria Steinem.
Peter makes less
in the State's Attorney office
than you.
He could come after you
for support.
Peter's not coming after me
Alicia, he'll come after you
for everything.
No, he wants the governorship.
That's what Eli's plotting
over there right now.
Give him the keynote.
(laughs)
Are you kidding?
At the Democratic Convention?
Peter has the
best story.
He went to prison
on a trumped-up charge,
fought it, and made it back
into office.
It's a story of rebirth.
Eli, he's a state's attorney.
And Obama was
a state senator
when he got the keynote.
And a black man.
Who is it?
Who's what?
Who are you championing?
You must have somebody already.
(sighs)
Adam Spellman.
Oh, come on!
No to the State's Attorney,
but yes to a dogcatcher?
He's not a dogcatcher.
He's a strong businessman
with...
You think that's
what America wants
to see up on that dais?
Eli, it's already in the works.
We're pushing Spellman.
Don't worry about it.
Peter Florrick's marriage
is his secret weapon,
not some keynote address.
So, how is she doing?
They knew the de-icing fluid
tended to freeze
in the wing lines,
but they decided to save money
and do nothing about it.
We move to introduce
this deposition
into evidence, Your Honor.
And we object, Your
Honor. It's hearsay.
We can't cross-examine
a corpse.
Really, Mr. Roda?
I'm sorry, Your Honor.
Inelegantly put.
But I can't
cross-examine
the deceased.
DIANE:
Your Honor, Rule 212
expressly permits the use
of a recorded deposition
when a witness dies.
But only if the court, in
its discretion, determines
it wo_n't_do a _
substantial Injustice,
such as in the case of perjury.
Which is why, in the current
matter, I would direct
the court's attention to
Mr. Ritter's suicide note.
It consists of two lines.
"It's a lie.
I'm sorry."
Your Honor, Mr. Ritter's wife
was claiming
he slept with
their 16-year-old baby-sitter.
The note refers to that.
We don't know that.
He could be referring
to his testimony in this trial.
At the very least,
the meaning is unclear.
Unclear?
Oh, really?
Are you serious?
I'm not prepared to
interpret the law...
(overlapping chatter)
You can all
wear yourselves down.
Tell me when you're ready.
What do we do now?
We have other options.
Like what?
We'll _ask
for a continuance.
We still have
our expert Witnesses.
You thought they weren't enough.
Hold them
accountable,
please... for my wife
and daughters.
Kalinda, what are you doing?
Um, Eli business.
What do you need?
Yeah, I'm already on it.
Yeah?
Adam Spellman--
do you know who that is?
Adam Spellman.
A businessman.
Head of the Chicago
Black Leadership Council.
Yeah, I need you
to look into him.
Look?
As in, find dirt.
Why?
He's the likely
keynote speaker at the next
Democratic Convention, and if
he has a skeleton in his closet,
I do not want him blowing up
in the face
of the Democratic Committee.
Really? How selfless of you.
Yeah, well,
I'm a caring individual.
Mm.
I need it quick.
Yeah. Everybody needs it quick.
Ah.
That was quick.
It was a blind CC.
Ritter e-mailed the CEO
about the de-icing problems,
and on Ritter's copy,
there were only two e-mail
addresses included in the CC.
But on the CEO's copy,
he BCC'd someone else.
CS at HeralquuityGroup?
Who's that?
Oh, no.
What?
He's a client of ours
from two years ago.
He was the venture capitalist
on their IPO.
CEO kept him in the loop.
(sighs)
Great.
What?
Well, he's not the most
dependable of witnesses.
He might not even talk to us.
He won't.
Call Alicia.
Why?
He'll talk to her.
(indistinct chatter
and voice over PA system)
(buzzer sounding)
Here I didn't think we'd get
a chance to work together.
See? Isn't this fun?
So, you and I should
get some drinks,
trade whore stories.
Horror?
Yeah. What did I say?
He's not allowed to touch you,
or hand you anything.
There's a panic button at the
table if there's any problems.
That's not his style.
How much does he know?
Nothing. I thought
I'd let you broach it.
Just like Clarice
Starling, huh?
Mrs. Florrick, what a pleasure.
You seem well.
Oh, under the circumstances,
I, uh, do the best I can.
(humming)
You have a tattoo, I see.
What?
Oh. Oh, yeah.
Oh, this...
oh, this old thing?
I wanted William Blake's
The Ancient of Days,
but beggars really
can't be choosers here.
And you, Mrs. Florrick--
I imagine you're well?
Your husband's
back in office,
you're thriving in
your profession.
The world must be your oyster.
I would say the grass
is always greener, but...
(laughing):
Yes.
Although, there's a refreshing
honesty to prison.
People don't dissemble here,
they just take.
My firm needs your help,
Mr. Sweeney.
So, that's it for small talk?
We're suing a company--
Hammett Aerospace.
There was a plane crash.
The Dorset crash, yes, I know.
You were the financier
on their IPO.
We had a witness who
knew there was a problem
with the de-icing system
on the plane
but he committed suicide.
Oh, dear.
Yes.
Anyway, he was testifying
to a meeting you attended.
And you were wondering if
I might testify in his stead?
Yes.
Why me?
Why not O.J.?
Won't the jury be
likely to mistrust
the word of a renowned
wife-killer?
You were never convicted.
(chuckles):
Oh, yes.
One of those fine
distinctions in the law.
Imprisoned on something
I didn't even do.
I hate irony.
I heard America's
irony-free these days.
Yes, it's been outlawed.
(chuckles)
I like you, Alicia.
Why don't you like me?
You killed your wife.
And there's nothing
I can do about that?
Testify.
Would that help you?
It would help 40 families
suing Hammett Aerospace.
Yes, and I'm sure
they're all adorable, but...
will it help you?
Yes.
Then, of course, I'll help.
(loud rock music playing)
(rock music continues)
Oh, thank you
for waiting.
(panting):
Work.
Um... I think you're doing
a great job as a tutor.
Ijust...
Do you, um, want something?
You want a latte or...
Oh, no.
So, these... videos,
um, that you make,
these dance videos, um,
they're just...
How old are you, Jennifer?
I'm 22.
And...
you and Grace
have become friends?
Yes.
And these, um,
dance... videos, uh,
are f...
um, what are they for?
The Internet.
Uh-huh.
You make money off of them?
No.
You just do them?
Yes.
I don't understand.
I like doing them.
Okay. Um, Jennifer, I...
I just want you to be a tutor.
Okay? I-I want you
to work with Grace
on her homework.
I don't want Grace making
these videos with you anymore.
Okay.
Is that it?
Yes.
ELI:
Oh, my God,
you're good!
Thanks.
So, Adam Spellman,
a Democrat,
really gave money
to support the Defense
of Marriage Act?
His wife did-- she's
a devout Baptist,
and knew it would
be a problem.
That's why the money
came through her company.
And then they tried
to hide it. (laughs)
I mean, I think this
is good that the DNC
knows this now, long
before the convention.
Yeah. That's very
selfless of you.
Okay, I need you to look
into these other names
they're considering for keynote.
They may get
in the way.
In the way of what?
Peter Florrick.
I didn't know this was
for Peter Florrick.
Oh, don't worry, I'll pay
out of my own pocket.
The list.
No. But thanks, though.
What's wrong?
Nothing. I have
other work.
Thank you for
coming in, Caitlin.
No,
thank you--
this is so cool.
Um, a very
impressive resume.
You did a summer
at Wyler & Wolf in New York.
So why us?
Well, in a word,
Hﬁgaﬁon.
Transactional's fine,
but litigation is what
really turns me on.
And the University of Chicago.
What turned you on there?
Moot court.
It was an opportunity
to dig deep into an area of law
but still keep my feet
grounded in something real.
And did you win?
Well, my partner
and I did.
It was a team effort.
I can work on my own,
but I love being part of a team.
So, your summer at Wyler,
did you a offer, or...?
No. They had a hiring freeze.
The economy.
But I would rather
be here, anyway.
Just an odd question,
it's a question they asked me
when I first interviewed here.
What's your favorite hobby?
Well, I'm embarrassed
to say it.
(laughs):
Oh, come on, Martha,
let's hear it.
What was your hobby?
No, no,
no, no-- I'm the one
asking the questions here.
Okay. I like foreign movies,
old movies,
like Truffaut and Godard.
Tramp-boarding.
Um...
wh-what's that?
Skateboarding on
a trampoline,
without wheels.
I know.
(laughs)
But I can do a double somersault
from a full-blown ollie.
To be honest,
I've had an offer
from Canning & Meyers.
But I really do
want to work here.
I like the family spirit.
Well, if you
could hold off
Canning & Meyers, we can
get back to you in a few days.
That's great.
Thank you, Alicia.
(knocking)
MAN:
Ladies and gentlemen,
you will now hear testimony
from a convict
housed at_the Pine Creek
Penitentiary.
Under agreement
between the attorneys,
the questioning
will be conducted
via closed-circuit video.
How's my hair?
ALICIA:
It's fine.
Y-You might
want to cover...
Mm...
So are we
clear on
what you say?
I am to answer
honestly and
completely.
Yes,
but not too completely.
Just keep your answers
short and on point.
How long?
Something...
about you two.
Some kind of tension there.
What is it?
Are you gonna tell him?
I would like to just concentrate
on his testimony.
Oh, come on,
you can't leave it like that.
There won't be any testimony
unless you tell me what it is.
We're lovers.
We've been keeping it secret
for months. Alicia?
I really don't want
to talk about it right now.
She's breaking up with me for
a man who is not worthy of her.
If only it were true.
Mm.
GUARD:
Ready to go.
(whispers):
Three, two, go.
Short and
to the point.
Hello, Mr. Sweeney.
Can you hear me?
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning.
Good morning to you.
I understand you've
been sworn in.
May I ask you a few questions?
Yes. I've been
wonderfully prepped here
by two of your
beautiful attorneys.
DIANE:
Mr. Sweeney, can you tell us
how you became acquainted
with Hammett Aerospace?
Yes. I...
uh, rather, my company--
(sighs
my compa?ny—-
was, uh... retained
to provide financing
for their initial
public stock offering.
How's that?
DIANE:
And in that capacity,
did you attend a meeting
at which Hammett executives
discussed potential problems
with the GR-6?
Uh, yes, um,
I-I believe I did.
And at this meeting,
can you tell us
what was discussed
regarding the de-icing system
on the airplane?
Um...
the... I'm sorry, I-I...
Uh, could you repeat the...
At this meeting...
We need to cut him off;
he's gonna hurt us.
...the de-icing system
on the airplane?
JUDGE:
Mr. Sweeney, do you
need a moment?
(laughs):
I don't... I don't know.
Uh...
Your Honor, I have to ask
for a brief continuance.
Uh, clearly, my witness
is having health issues.
Your witness is having
second thoughts.
Mr. Sweeney,
what are you doing?
What am I doing?
I'm undercutting your case.
Why?
Because I want something.
What?
Freedom.
He'll testify if we free him?
With good behavior,
he's got two years
left on his sentence.
He says that he has something
to offer the State's Attorney.
Evidence _on
drugs in prison.
I think I can find a way
to get around
the private school
money situation.
Hold on, Margie. Hold on.
Well, thank you.
No problem.
So, uh, how are the
interviews going?
Great. I reinterviewed
my top two ch0ices,
and I think
I've made a decision.
Great. Isn't Caitlin fantastic?
Caitlin?
Yes. Did she
tell you how much
she loves competition?
She did.
Do you know her?
Yes. She's my niece.
I told her not to mention
it because I didn't
want her to win_ out
based on nepotism.
I'm glad you liked her.
Well, I did, um, but I...
What?!
No! Oh, come on!
(door opens)
(door closes)
Next time I'll get
some long benches in here.
Colin Sweeney
wants to make a deal.
Yes. I read your e-mail.
Oh, yes.
Imani. Hello.
Come on in,
come on in.
This is Imani Stonehouse--
she's an AUSA
assigned to our
office to review
racial bias in sentencing,
and she keeps me honest
with all
my plea bargains.
Okay. So...
our good friends
from Lockhart/Gardner...
And Monty & Columbech.
Yes.
They have an offer
to make us in trade
for releasing the wife-killer,
Colin Sweeney.
DIANE: The
defensive killer
of his stalker,
Colin Sweeney.
And I'm sure Imani'll have
something to say about that.
ALICIA:
Cary,
you've seen
an increase
in heroin distribution
at the Cook County
prison complex.
Mr. Sweeney
can tell you who
and how, including guards.
In trade for his freedom.
Yes.
I don't think that's going
to fly, but thank you.
DIANE:
Why don't you check
with your boss.
Peter Florrick promised to fight
corruption in the prison system.
This could go a long way
towards that.
Okay.
I'll be right back.
So where did you go to school?
Brown. You?
Harvard. Siblings?
Three brothers.
Lawyers?
No, the family was happy
to have just one lawyer.
One's a painter, one's a writer,
one teaches at the Sorbonne.
Really?
That's in France, isn't it?
Hmm.
Okay, I talked to Peter,
and he has a counteroffer.
DIANE:
Okay. What counteroffer?
CARY:
Donny Pike.
Senior acting member
of the Aryan Warlords.
He's finishing up
a five year stretch
at Pine Creek Penitentiary.
ALICIA:
Oh, come on.
The most dangerous man
in the Illinois system?
CARY:
Yes, he is.
And a confidante
of Colin Sweeney.
Mr. Sweeney gives him stock tips
and Pike gives him protection.
You want Sweeney
to testify against him?
Yes. If_ he _wants a reduction
in his sentence.
The last witness you tried to
turn against him was murdered.
Yes. Well,
we've learned from our mistakes.
Here, you can keep this.
GENEVA:
I was the ASA
who won that plea bargain
and you're really considering
reversing it?
Not reversing it.
He's served two years.
For killing a woman.
No, involuntary manslaughter,
with good behavior.
GENEVA:
This is Colin Sweeney
we're talking about.
The public knows his name.
If we release him,
we'll be crucified.
_Not if we're
usmg him to stop
a neo-Nazi from committing
more murders from prison.
What do you think, Imani?
I think it's worth it
if we can stop this
white supremacist.
Yeah. If you stop him.
But if Colin Sweeney
takes the stand,
I don't know a jury in the
world who would trust him.
Okay, we're going
to make the deal.
GENEVA:
Peter, this is a mistake.
You'll be the man
who released O.J.
Would you make the deal
if it was just anybody?
But it's not just anybody.
I know, but if it were...
would you make the deal?
Two years left
on an involuntary manslaughter?
There's your answer.
But Geneva makes a good point
about the testimony.
We're going to
make the deal,
but he's got to give us more.
CARY:
What more?
A wire.
Eli.
What have you got?
Keynote address at the
Democratic Convention.
They were going
with Spellman,
but he has an issue
opposmg gay marriage,
so I got you the hearing
with Donna Brazile.
I'm stunned.
That's why you
hired me, Peter.
To stun you.
Look, you don't have to decide
about running for governor.
Just take the meeting,
sweep her off her feet,
keep hitting the
prison thing.
That's your
selling point.
Huh.
What?
I may be in the news this week.
Okay.
A plea bargain that could gain
a lot of attention.
Can you delay it?
I could.
But I won't.
I would love to give
that keynote speech.
Then don't get
in the news.
And what does Kalinda Sharma
have against you?
The investigator at
Lockhart/ Gardner,
she won't do any
work for you.
What's that about?
I don't know.
Really? I didn't know that.
Is she good?
Caitlin?
Yes. It's just...
she's David Lee's niece, and
I'm feeling a little pressure.
Who's the better lavwer?
Well, they're both good.
It's just...
I don't know,
there's something about Martha.
I like her.
And Caitlin
is a classic "C" student.
Well, you know what they say:
"A" students make great
professors,
"B" students make great judges,
and "C" students make partner.
GRACE (over phone):
Mom!
Okay, I got to go.
Thanks, Will.
Did you tell Jennifer
not to be friends with me?
Did I...?
Did you tell her
not to be my friend?
No, I told her that I wanted her
to concentrate _more
on your studies.
Why, what did she say?
Nothing.
She left after we studied.
Why would you tell her that?
Because, Grace...
she's 22, and you're 14.
So?
So...
why isn't she with friends
her own age?
Because she's my friend.
No, she's you're tutor.
I'm paying her.
Why can't she be both?
Because it's unprofessional.
It's...
I don't have friends, Mom.
Don't you know that?
She's my only real friend.
She's my friend.
And with you at work
all the time...
No, no, no,
no, no, no.
You do not get to play
that card.
Look, maybe I overreacted.
I just don't want you
doing these videos.
I just think it's dangerous
to do them in the street.
It's not.
Grace, would you please
just let me be the parent
for a minute here.
If you want to take dance...
I don't want to take dance.
I just want to do this.
Why?
Because it's cool.
Because nobody else is doing it.
(phone ringing)
Okay, let me think on it.
(phone continues ringing)
Alicia Florrick.
Ah, my goodness.
The quality of convicts
has really gone downhill.
CARY:
We have a deal
for you, Mr. Sweeney.
That's why
we're meeting you here.
They will give you
your freedom
in exchange for evidence
against Donny Pike.
Donald?
CARY:
Yes, he's ordered
the deaths
of four witnesses
from prison.
You want me to testify
against him?
No. The deal's not
for what you know.
It's for what
you'll find out.
CARY:
We don't think you're
the most trustworthy witness.
That's why we'll need you
to wear a wire.
CELESTE:
That wasn't the deal.
Well, that's the new deal.
We're arranging to have Pike
transferred to another prison,
they'll route him
through County.
Mr. Sweeney and Pike
will have three hours
together in the yard.
Get him to admit to his newest
murder, and you're free.
No. It's too dangerous.
CARY:
Is it, Mr. Sweeney?
Is it too dangerous?
You don't want to do this.
Alicia, it's his decision.
You're gonna have
to supervise the wire.
He thinks you care about him.
What's even weirde_r--
you do care about him.
No. I don't want him
getting killed.
That's a pretty low bar
for caring.
It's a pretty high bar
for a wife-killer.
You're very
interesting, Alicia.
How did you end up with Will?
What makes you think
we ended up together?
Will's attitude.
He's smitten.
Really? Smitten.
Feels like the right word.
It's sweet
and high school, and
very vanilla.
That's no slam on you.
(laughing)
No, of course not.
But what about you?
You broke up with Will
nine years ago?
And yet, here you are,
trying to hurt him.
Talk about high school.
(laughs)
(door opens)
What do you think
you're doing?!
David.
She's my niece.
I told you she's my niece.
Oh, wait a minute. You-You
told me to hire who I wanted.
Yes, and I told you
she was my niece.
What else do you need to know?
Look, David, Caitlin's good.
She's very good,
and she'll find another job.
This isn't about another.
Don't you dare cross me again.
You said
you didn't want nepotism.
quwm
there was no nepotism.
You are a third-year associate.
You were given this task
because you are unimportant,
and you can take a hint.
So take the hint,
or we'll take it out
of your hands.
(door closes)
Let's get a drink.
Mmm.
You know the
best revenge?
Hide his Bluetooth.
No. Hire his niece,
and then make her life hell.
Oh, my God, you are so right.
You'll never do it.
No, I will do it.
I'm not a good person.
Yes, you are.
Shut up.
I just don't like women.
I find them uninteresting.
Excuse me?
I don't like women.
They're all competing with me.
Don't men compete with you?
No, they don't.
You have
female friends?
No,
but I don't have
any male friends, either.
(laughs)
That's so sad.
I'd be your friend,
but I can't.
Why not?
Because. Will.
Ah, that's right.
Yeah.
I don't like you
being with him.
I'm gonna break you two up.
Okay. How?
How will I do it?
I will... tell you about him.
Well, go ahead.
Give me your worst.
No. I like you.
See, that's your problem.
You built it up too much,
so if he hasn't buried
a hobo in the desert,
I will be unimpressed.
Oh, that's ancient history
anyway.
And it was only $45,000.
That's all?
Yup, and he put it back.
(laughs)
You're so bad at this.
Yeah, I know. I'm sorry.
I'm transparent as cellophane.
I got to go.
You're kidding.
Nope.
Just remember, Will is like me.
He'll always disappoint you.
*
(buzzing, indistinct chatter)
MAN (over P.A.):
Attention, attention...
(announcement continues
indistinctly)
TECH:
The microphone is sewn
into your collar, Mr. Sweeney.
Just keep your hands
away from it.
Mm-hmm, very clever.
Testing, testing!
Just a normal voice,
Mr. Sweeney.
Okay, so just
to remind you,
Pike you know,
but this fine citizen here
is Darryl Boyd,
Pike's lieutenant
on the outside.
Pike orders a hit in here, Boyd
carries it out on the street.
This is Garfield Park
just last week.
CARY:
You get Pike to admit he
ordered the Garfield Park hit,
and I sign your
release authorization.
Simple as that, huh?
I'll be right here,
Mr. Sweeney, watching.
Anything goes wrong,
just walk away.
They have security guards
standing by.
They won't get there in time.
When things happen, Mrs.
Florrick, they happen fast.
Well, don't get
yourself killed, okay?
Words to live by.
CARY:
Okay,
here we go.
Break a leg.
(indistinct chatter)
Hey, it's Sweeney.
What's up, paperboy?
It's all right, he's cool.
Donald, hey.
PIKE: _
What are you domg here?
SWEENEY:
Testifying.
Some civil case.
Just an excuse
for a vacation, actually.
I talked it up
so they'd go for it.
PIKE:
So what's going on
with the market?
Did you see HP?
SWEENEY:
Yeah, don't worry.
Sell at 20
and you'll be fine.
Listen, Donald, I wanted
to ask you about something.
Um, I read about Garfield Park
in the paper.
Was that you?
What is he doing?
PIKE:
Why you talking about stuff
that don't concern you, Sweeney?
No, no, no,
I was just wondering.
Well, don't.
You know, you're funny.
Like a pet.
Don't make me
put you down.
I like him.
ELI:
I like him, too.
He has a good story.
He does-- prison,
wrongful conviction,
back from the dead.
He'd make a good keynote.
He speaks well.
He does.
So?
I just don't want him
to blow up in our face.
How would he blow up
in your face?
His marriage.
Are you hearing
something?
Of course I am.
I'm hearing
they live apart,
and if I'm
hearing it,
the Republicans are
hearing it, too.
If they were hearing it,
they'd use it.
No, they would do
what we would do--
release it the day
before he speaks.
Of course you don't have
an issue with it, Eli.
Peter Flo_rrick
is in office.
When he runs for governor,
they will use it.
They will use all of it, not
just on him but his wife, too.
What if I promised
they'd be together?
Is that a promise you can keep?
Yes, it is.
Then we'll consider
him for keynote.
Again, Eli,
I like him.
He's a thoroughbred,
but I just can't
risk... risk.
Okay, here he goes.
IMANI:
We've got about ten
minutes before they return
to their cells.
I thought we were
done talking.
I-I-I want to know
about Garfield Park.
Is he out of his mind?
MAN:
Look at this guy.
What are you, stupid?
What, are you
smoking crack
with the brothers?
Get the guard ready.
I think he looks like a snitch.
Think he looks like a snitch?
Go now, Cary.
He's a snitch.
You got to pull him out now.
We pull him out now, no deal.
Wait, listen.
Hey, hey, Donald,
H didn't mean anything by it.
Why the hell do
you keep asking?
'Cause I-I need
your help.
You know what they did.
They took my company from me.
PIKE:
Everybody here's got
a story, paperboy.
What makes you so special?
SWEENEY:
I have money...
and I want the man
who did this dead.
Gerald Drescher.
He used to be my vice president
until he stabbed me
in the back.
You're serious?
How much
would it cost?
PIKE:
A guy like that has security.
Uh,
job like that--
it'll cost a lot of money.
That's why I got to know
what I'm getting.
Okay, here he goes, nice move.
You're pushing
it, Sweeney.
You're in prison.
I'm asking,
how can you get it done?
All right, sure.
Garfield Park--
yeah, that was me.
My boy on the outside--
I get word to through my sister.
I give the green light,
he does the hit.
(sighs)
A hit on his vice president,
huh?
Oh, come on,
he had to say something.
You have _ _
the release authorization?
Already blessed by Judge Romano.
(chuckles)
Pleasure doing
business with you.
DIANE:
Is your health issue from the
other day better, Mr. Sweeney?
Much better, thank you.
My goodness, I must
have made a fuss here.
Food poisoning.
Uh, now, Mr. Sweeney,
you testified
that you were present
at the IPO meeting?
That's right.
DIANE:
And did you hear
any discussion
about the deicing in the wings?
SWEENEY:
Oh, yes,
I heard everything,
and it's not good.
Good job, I, I hear you saved
some kind of case today.
Oh, I just-- we
got a settlement.
Great, great.
We should talk sometime.
About?
The future.
(chuckles)
What else?
I'm so sorry I'm late.
Thank you for coming
back in, Martha.
I just had a few more
questions before we decide.
Before you...?
What are you talking about?
They already decided.
I-I'm sorry, what?
I didn't get
the job here.
I turned down my other job
because I thought I had
this, and now...
I can't believe this.
Well, who told you
you didn't get this?
The hiring committee.
They called.
Well, there must be
some sort of mistake,
because I haven't decided yet.
No, they did.
He said I was close,
but they had a vote.
So what happened?
(elevator bell dings)
Now, your office is
on the 27th floor,
but I want to show you
around here first.
Now, this...
Alicia!
Thank you so much.
I am just so thrilled.
David said it was all you.
You picked me,
and you're gonna
be my mentor.
Yes, Alicia, thank you.
You're welcome.
Anyway, I
am really
looking forward to
working with you.
Thank you again.
I don't get it. Why put me
through the charade...
Alicia..
No. I want to know.
I never had any power, did I?
It was all rigged.
David Lee appealed
to the hiring committee,
and the hiring committee
voted to go another way.
That's all.
It happens.
Which way did you vote?
On what?
The committee voted for Caitlin
and against Martha.
Which way did you vote?
I voted with David Lee.
Why?
Because I owed him.
For what?
You don't want to know.
I do want to know.
I feel used, Will.
I feel like I was given a job
and it was taken away from me.
(clicks pen closed)
There was a Martha
when we hired you, Alicia.
On paper,
she was the better candidate
and you were the... Caitlin.
You were gonna lose in a vote.
I asked David Lee
to vote with me.
So I owed him.
You okay?
Thank you.
Caitlins often surprise you.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org